1.11.1:
-- Removed blank lines from the DEBIAN/control file of the Debian packages.
Since this only affected Debian packages, 1.11.1 packages were released only
for that platform.  Other platforms still use the 1.11 packages.

1.11:
-- Fixed a regression bug introduced in 1.10.4.  IPP 5.3 doesn't like it when
ippiMirror_*() is called on a region with height 1.  Rather than simply copy
the pixels as previous versions did, it trips an error.  This caused VirtualGL
to abort with a message reading "Wrong value of data size" whenever the 3D
image it was trying to compress was (n*8)+1 pixels in height.


1.10.4:
-- Rebuilt IPP version against Intel Performance Primitives v5.3u4 to pick up
some bug fixes.
-- Produced Ubuntu packages.  These will probably work on other Debian-
compatible systems as well.


1.10.3:
-- Packaged IPP version of TurboJPEG alongside the libjpeg version, so that
they can easily be switched at run time.


1.10.2:
-- Made version script anonymous to prevent backward compatibility issues


1.10.1:
-- Built Linux versions of libturbojpeg.so with a version script so that
non-API symbols are hidden instead of global.  Since this affects only the
Linux version, 1.10.1 packages were released only for that platform.  Other
platforms still use the 1.10 packages.


1.10:
-- Grayscale JPEG compression/decompression support


1.04.2:
-- Made version script anonymous to prevent backward compatibility issues


1.04.1:
-- Built Linux versions of libturbojpeg.so with a version script so that
non-API symbols are hidden instead of global.  Since this affects only the
Linux version, 1.04.1 packages were released only for that platform.  Other
platforms still use the 1.04 packages.


1.04:
-- Increased holding buffer size to account for corner cases in which the
compression ratio can be < 1.  This fixes an issue whereby VirtualGL was
aborting during the 3DS Max viewset of Viewperf 9 when the JPEG quality was
set to 99 or 100.


1.03:
-- Built with IPP 5.1 (improves performance of x86-64 64-bit code)
-- Repackaged as SDK -- must now install TurboJPEG prior to building VGL and
TVNC on all platforms except Solaris
-- Built MacIntel version
